when was the day of the god calabria
15 thousand kilometers were found
green clay squares with reflections
Violet
I think you could with that clay
model a country for two million
inhabitants at most was tense in a
creative vigor the gentleman
and promised himself to do a
masterpiece
he set to work and the calabria came out
from his hands more beautiful than
california and the most beautiful hawaii
of the Côte d'Azur and that
Japanese archipelagos gave to the sila
the pine aspromonte of olive to the
rock the lichen to the rock it
to the mountains the song of the shepherd
wandering from one state to another to the group
the broom to the plains the vineyard to
beaches solitude at the wave the
reflection of the sun
then the months and seasons were distributed
to calabria for the winter granted the
sun for spring the sun for
summer sun for autumn
the only goal and the sea always violates the
clear sky the fertile fields put them
dinghy the abundant water the mild climate
the scent of intoxicating herbs worked
all these things in the present in the
future
the gentleman was taken by a cake
drowsiness in which complacency entered
of the creator towards the masterpiece
reached up
of the brief sleep of wine I take advantage of the
devil to assign calabria le
calamity the dominations the earthquake the
malaria the large estate the feudalism le
to flood floods
the drought, the drought, the fly
holistic illiteracy is the point of honor
jealousy, honorable society, revenge
omerta the false testimony the
misery
emigration after calamities
need
the house the school the street the water la
light
the hospital the cemetery
to them he added the need of the
justice the need for freedom on
need of greatness the need of the
new need for the best
and at this point the devil held himself
satisfied with his work
it was up to him to sleep while he was
woke the gentleman when you open them
eyes to embrace in all his
vastness to ruin brought to the creature
beloved god he threw with a gesture
the evil in the deep of anger
abysses of the sky
then slowly clearing, he said
these evils and these needs are now
unleashed and must follow theirs
parabola
but they will not prevent the calabria of
be as I wanted it
his happiness will be achieved with more
sweat
that's all
buda fa day dinghies is made
one night
but rome
to the sick
head of malu entu
but the forest
down but the storm
the human forest remains ill